now I didn't care if he's super soap or
he's 30 thumb your own belly full with
group cuz we already put the ball
between the big white frilly it only
Jack's him a second amor to put these
boot threw the ball and score is compass
only we know today you seem singing
Zaher Zaher world to Sunderland against
ours aha welcome to Michael and singing
Zaza now your red and white singing
sahar sahar you're ready for the fight
where we are nor short many goals 459
into land he's picked up the biggest
honors in football champions league
premier to football a top scorer to but
now he's come to the face trouble all
singing Zaza welcome to Sunderland
singing Zaza welcome makam Lansing's
ours are now your red and white singing
sahar sahar you're ready for a fight no
he's asleep he a slimy the gas bill
around defense like spinning wheel alone
Ari's in his bride just ready to pop
he's come to sauna to show them all at
34 he's not done at all he's just like
Ryan Giggs just knowing stop singing
songs are burnt as sundaland singing
Zaza welcome to my command singing to us
are there your red and white singing
song get ready for the fight
things are so weird to sunderland sings
as our will to macom Lance against us
all know your red and white see it's all
here ready for the fight well I didn't
care if he's super so very sturdy throw
your own belly full group cuz we are
learning in punt the ball between the
big white freedom well rasoolullah mallu
so our will